[TextField] Add onStepperChange optional prop, and support Spinbutton pattern keyboard interactions (#8773)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/beige-eggs-join.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

Add onSpinnerChange as optional prop for TextField
Add largeStep as option prop for TextField

> Add Spinner keypress interactions for Home, End, Page Up, Page Down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optional `onSpinnerChange` prop to`TextField`
- Added an optional `largeStep` prop to `TextField`
- Added `TextField` `Spinner` keypress interactions for Home, End, Page Up, Page Down
```
